# 3

Exit Criteria: Documented  
analytical/experi-mental  
results validating predictions  
of key parameters.
Beskrivelse av oppnådd TRL: Eksperimentelt konseptbevis (proof of concept) foreligger
Definition: Analytical and experimental critical  
function and/or  
characteristic proof  
of concept.
Definition of Technology Readiness Level: Analytical proof of concept (prototype)
Description: Active research and development is initiated. Depending on the size and complexity of the implementation: • a basic prototype of the integrated critical system has been designed, build and tested; the whole development process has been documented, • analytic studies to produce code that validates analytical predictions of separate software elements of the technology are done. Examples include implementation of software components that are not yet integrated or representative but satisfy an operational need. Algorithms are run and tested on a surrogate processor in a laboratory environment.
Hardware Description: Analytical studies place the technology in  
an appropriate context and laboratory  
demonstrations, modeling and simulation  
validate analytical prediction.
Software Description: Development of limited functionality to validate critical  
properties and predictions using non-integrated software  
components.
Typisk dokumentasjon ved oppnådd TRL: Det er gjennomført innledende forskning for å få bekreftet mulige konsepter (proof of concept). Det er gjennomført studier og laboratoriemålinger for å validere teorier. Det er utarbeidet en plan for TRL4, validering av teknologien i laboratorie-skala.