# 4

Exit Criteria: Documented test  
performance demonstrating  
agreement with analytical  
predictions. Documented  
definition of relevant  
environment.
Beskrivelse av oppnådd TRL: Teknologien er validert i laboratoriet
Definition: Component and/or breadboard  
validation in  
laboratory  
environment.
Definition of Technology Readiness Level: Standalone component validated (earliest version)
Description: Basic software components are integrated to establish that they will work together. They are relatively primitive with regard to efficiency and reliability compared to the eventual system. System software architecture development initiated to include interoperability, reliability, maintainability, extensibility, scalability, and security issues. Software integrated with simulated current/legacy elements as appropriate. Verification and Validation process is partially completed, or completed for only a subset of the functionality in a representative simulated laboratory environment. Documentation is as for TRL3 plus: User Manual and Design Documents.
Hardware Description: A low fidelity system/component  
breadboard is built and operated to  
demonstrate basic functionality and  
critical test environments, and associated  
performance predictions are defined  
relative to the final operating  
environment.
Software Description: Key, functionally critical, software components are  
integrated, and functionally validated, to establish  
interoperability and begin architecture development.  
Relevant Environments defined and performance in this  
environment predicted.
Typisk dokumentasjon ved oppnådd TRL: Teknologien er validert i lab-skala, gjennom systematisk utprøving av teknologien for tenkt anvendelse. Resultatene viser at forventede krav til ytelse for teknologien kan være oppnåelige. Det er klart for å teste teknologien på TLR5, under simulerte betingelser.