# 5

Exit Criteria: Documented test  
performance demonstrating  
agreement with analytical  
predictions. Documented  
definition of scaling  
requirements.
Beskrivelse av oppnådd TRL: Teknologien er testet i laboratorieskala, som del av systemløsning under relevante driftsbetingelser.
Definition: Component and/or breadboard  
validation in  
relevant  
environment.
Definition of Technology Readiness Level: Integrated component validated (ALPHA version)
Description: Reliability of software ensemble increases significantly. All software components are integrated with reasonably realistic supporting elements so that the software can be tested and completely validated in a simulated environment. Examples include “high fidelity” laboratory integration of software components. System software architecture established. Algorithms run on a processor(s) with characteristics expected in the operational environment. Software releases are “Alpha” versions and configuration control is initiated. Full documentation according to the applicable software standards, test plans and application examples, including all use cases and error handling should be provided.
Hardware Description: A medium fidelity system/component  
brassboard is built and operated to  
demonstrate overall performance in a  
simulated operational environment with  
realistic support elements that  
demonstrates overall performance in  
critical areas. Performance predictions are  
made for subsequent development phases.
Software Description: End-to-end software elements implemented and interfaced  
with existing systems/simulations conforming to target  
environment. End-to-end software system, tested in relevant  
environment, meeting predicted performance. Operational  
environment performance predicted. Prototype  
implementations developed.
Typisk dokumentasjon ved oppnådd TRL: Det foreligger resultater fra testing av integrert systemløsning under simulerte driftsbetingelser.