# 9

Exit Criteria: Documented mission  
operational results.
Beskrivelse av oppnådd TRL: Teknologien er kommersielt tilgjengelig og har vært i drift over tid under kommersielle rammer og i alle forventede driftssituasjoner. Formål med prosjektet er kommersiell bruk. 
Definition: Actual system flightproven through  
successful mission  
operations.
Definition of Technology Readiness Level: System proven (live product)
Description: Actual application of the software in its final form and under mission conditions, such as those encountered in operational test and evaluation. In almost all cases, this is the end of the last “bug fixing” aspects of the system development. Examples include using the system under operational mission conditions. Software releases are production versions and configuration controlled. Frequency and severity of software deficiencies are at a minimum. Sustaining engineering, including maintenance and upgrades are in place Updates to documentation and qualification files are in place.
Hardware Description: The final product is successfully operated  
in an actual mission.
Software Description: All software has been thoroughly debugged and fully  
integrated with all operational hardware/software systems.  
All documentation has been completed. Sustaining software  
engineering support is in place. System has been  
successfully operated in the operational environment.
Typisk dokumentasjon ved oppnådd TRL: Dokumentasjon som bekrefter drift under alle forventede reelle driftsbetingelser over tid. Driftsrapporter, vedlikeholdsplaner, ferdigstilte operasjonsmanualer og prosedyrer foreligger.